{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 The Pitch is where you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll put together the high-level concept for your Wiki. Pitches always start with a short sentence setting out the rough idea. Is your Wiki for a cyberpunk thriller, a fantasy romance, or a gritty military drama? You and the group should talk about it and figure it out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 Greg, Greg, and Greg are sitting down to play some FanWiki to flesh out a world for an upcoming game. Greg throws out the idea of a fantastic gas-lamp London setting, and Greg and Greg excitedly agree.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 Once you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got the high-level, you\u8217\'92ll drill to the next level and start adding and subtracting things from the Pitch. Make a line down a page with \u8220\'93In\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Out\u8221\'94 on either side. Taking turns, each of you will add things to either side of line. Things listed on the \u8220\'93In\u8221\'94 side are added to the setting that aren\u8217\'92t normally considered a part of whatever your Pitch is. The \u8220\'93Out\u8221\'94 side is the opposite - anything on this list does not appear in the world, even if it normally would be in the genre.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 This list is the opportunity for you and your group to get on the same page about the boundaries for your setting. It establishes the things are definitely in the world, and the things that are off-limits. Use this to set content filters on the game as well. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 Greg writes out the list on a white-board and turns to the group. Greg takes the first turn and writes \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sherlock Holmes\u8221\'94 on the \u8220\'93In\u8221\'94 list. Everybody now knows that Sherlock Holmes is in the world somewhere, even if he doesn\u8217\'92t make a direct appearance in the game. Greg goes next and adds \u8220\'93child abuse\u8221\'94 to the \u8220\'93Out\u8221\'94 category, saying that they don\u8217\'92t want any reference to it on-screen or off. Greg goes last and adds \u8220\'93magic\u8221\'94 to the \u8220\'93In\u8221\'94 side, but Greg points out that magic is implied by the Pitch so isn\u8217\'92t necessary to add to the list. Greg crosses it out and writes \u8220\'93secret societies\u8221\'94 in the \u8220\'93In\u8221\'94 column instead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get super specific with this list unless it\u8217\'92s for content filters, you\u8217\'92ll build off of it in the next step. For now, go around the table adding things until everybody has had a couple of chances. When you feel like the important notes have been hit and you\u8217\'92re ready to move on, give the Pitch a title. Imagine that the Pitch is the first novel, issue, or movie in the series and that the In and Out lists are revealed or established during it. Write that on an index card and put a little number 1 in the corner. The Pitch has now become the Wiki\u8217\'92s first Source.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 Now that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve gotten the Pitch down and they\u8217\'92ve finished adding things to the Lists, they give it a title. After some debate, they settle on \u8220\'93The Bakersmen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf1 Set that card off to the side of the play area where everyone can see it. Now it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s time to start developing the Wiki. Each player, in any order, Contributes to the Wiki. Each player gets to contribute one Article and one Fact. All the Facts must have the Pitch as the Source.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\cf1}